== README

Basic running and racing report website.  Designed with a single running community in mind, to allow all users to post race and training reports easily.  This is mainly an experiment in me learning Rails so it's no where near a complete system.

== Features

Secure, multi-session, user logins

Admin-configurable categories

Allows upload of runs from Garmin Communicator plugin

Allows upload of images to attach to reports

Use Textile markup in reports

Embed maps & images in race reports


== Image upload

Uses amazon s3: configure environment variables for +S3_BUCKET_NAME+, +AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID+, +AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY+ using your Amazon s3 details.
See: https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/paperclip-s3 for a guide to configuring Heroku if you're using that to host

== Garmin API key

Set +BASE_URL+ and +GARMIN_API_KEY+ environment variables to your details from https://my.garmin.com/api/communicator/key-generator.jsp

== Google analytics

If you use Google analytics set +GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_CODE+ to your UA code to automatically include the analytics js on each page

== Google site verification

If you're using the google webmaster tools (https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/dashboard) and want to add your verification code to your website, set the environment variable +GOOGLE_VERIFICATION_CODE+ to be the string they give you, including the "google" but excluding the "html" (+google534723542364+ for example).

== Limitations

Currently there's no way of setting admin users without dropping to the rails console.  Sign up your admin user and get your user ID (probably the first user, so user id 1).

Go to the console:

If you're on a shell on your web host:

  $ rails c 

If you're using heroku

  $ heroku rails c

To set your user as admin:

  > User.find(<id>).toggle!(:admin)

(where <id> is your user id: 1, 2, etc...)

If you don't know your user id then run: 

  > User.find_by_email("email_address").toggle!(:admin)

Don't run both or you'll toggle admin on then off again :)

You can set as many admin users as you like.  These users can then delete/edit other users posts and log off their sessions, etc.

Admin users should create some categories and set up "Activity Types" so that uploaded activities can be recognised properly

